AFK Journey has officially released this
March 27th across various countries as
well as regions and during this release
AFK journey is going to be giving away
40 Heroes of all qualities including
epic Heroes for free by logging in for 7
days and participating in the various
events you can get up to 200 plus draws
for free and while that's exciting
enough today we're going over some
things that are going to give you the
quickest and smoothest launch to AFK
Journey that you can have and make sure
to check out the description down below
for codes such as AFK creator that will
allow you to gain even additional
Rewards while supplies last in this
video we're going to be tackling
factions and classes basic team
composition and the most important thing
to get right the resonance Hall every
character in AFK Journey belongs to one
of six factions the MERS the light
Bringers the Wilders graveborn
celestials as well as the hypo Jens and
every character regardless of their
faction is going to have one of six
classes a mage a marksman Rogue support
tank or a warrior and each character
regardless of their faction or their
class is going to be split into one of
two different levels either grade A
heroes or grade s Heroes grade a hero
are easier to obtain from the gacha and
also Cost Less in various shops compared
to the higher rank s- level ones this
doesn't make them necessarily weaker
than s- rank Heroes as you can actually
find some of the best characters in the
game at a rank regardless of their
faction character classes are pretty
much what you would expect them to be a
mage is going to be a more backline
character that specializes in Magic and
doing damage from afar and quite similar
to Mages are the Marksman who don't
necessarily use magical spells but also
attack from afar with their ranged
attacks opposite of those are the Rogues
in the Warriors who are more Frontline
damage dealers able to either be
exceptionally Speedy in comparison to
some other characters or able to soak up
a little more damage than the fragile
DPS classes like Mages Marksman as well
as Rogues tanks are what you would
expect a character who wants to get into
the front line protect your teammates
and allies as well as soaking up some
damage or as supports are well supports
who offer abilities for you to support
your teammates either through healing
buffing or maybe even debuffing enemies
when it comes to creating your first
team in AFK Journey your fact do matter
as having two or more characters of the
same faction are going to increase the
stats of all of your party members by a
certain percent and when creating your
first team you're highly incentivized to
use at most two different factions
within your entire fiveman party setup
however the celestial and hypogen
factions are treated as more neutral
where you can use them to mix and match
between the other normal faction for
instance if you have four characters of
the Wilder faction and then you add a
fifth character that is either Celestial
or hypogen it'll activate a five
character matching faction bonus but do
know that at the start it's not really
worth going for a mono faction party
setup but do try to keep it to two
factions at the most now moving from
factions and character creation and team
composition let's talk about the
standard team setup you're going to want
to pick a tank as they're one of the key
figures in a team and they are
incredibly important especially because
on launch they have one of the smaller
rosters of characters for you to choose
from and you're definitely going to want
to have a tank to soak up some damage
and allowing your other DPS and healer
support characters to have that
breathing room to perform their own
roles afterwards pick two DPS of some
kind there's not really a reason to run
a mono single DPS team right now in AFK
Journey so pick two of your favorites
and throw them in your team and you're
definitely going to want to have a
support inside your fiveman setup
supports can do a wide array of things
such as raw healing output for INS
sustaining your party throughout the
entirety of your battle but they can
also do other things like buffing and
debuffing your enemies for your fifth
party member slot I would recommend
either picking a specialist another
support or another tank there's not
really any reason to go for a triple DPS
setup As you move through AFK Journey
though at the beginning you can kind of
slot in whoever it is that you want for
your fifth party member and as we said
there's over 40 different characters for
you to pick from an AFK Journey so
you're going to have a lot of different
characters to play around with which
might lead you to worry about not
leveling the correct characters but
don't worry I have a solution for you
and it's already baked into the game so
let's talk about the resonating Hall the
resonating Hall is something that you're
going to unlock fairly early on in AFK
Journey so you can quickly gain all of
the benefits from this system so let's
talk about how it works when you unlock
the resonating Hall your five highest
level heroes will become your hands of
residents and when you unlock this hands
of residents resonating Hall other
Heroes you have leveled before unlocking
this Hall will have their level reset to
you and all of your resources will be
refunded your residence level is
determined by the lowest level member of
your hands of residents this is your
five-party member Squad that you're
going to put in your hall of residents
only your hands of residents can be
leveled up but nothing stops you from
swapping Your Heroes in and out with
your hand of res residence positions you
can do this at any time without any
costs attached and the level of your
hands of residence characters cannot
exceed the residence level that you have
by more than 10 levels this means that
you don't have to worry about making any
mistakes with leveling characters as you
can always just simply swap out
characters that you are new or trying to
use for the first time with characters
that you had already leveled up within
your hands of residents did you level
the wrong DPS it doesn't matter just
swap the DPS that you no longer want to
use out of your residence hall and swap
in your new one this is going to
instantly become one of your highest
level characters using the Hall of
residence system and the Hall of
resonance is fairly easy for you to use
so make sure you just progress normally
in the game until it's unlocked you
don't really have to worry and fret too
hard about leveling the correct
characters or wasting the very important
materials that you gain throughout your
journey and AFK Journey because the
developers thought of a pretty
intriguing system to help you out and
reduce that gacha game anxiety and
there's tons of other things that we
could cover maybe we'll do that in a
future video with this basic information
hopefully will equip you with starting
your journey with AFK Journey until then
guys I'll see you in the next one check
out the comment section below for more
codes for you to reward yourselves with
for more information on starting your
journey today